Additional guidance for Deeper Testing (#3)
corndeladmin/DevOps-Deeper-Testing: Readme.md

## Part 4 (Optional) - Use the tools in anger!

> If you have time after exploring each of the tools, have a go at setting them up fresh for your Project Exercise codebase (or indeed, for a work project). What useful tests can you generate?

Reviewer: Should this avoid referencing "Project Exercises" which I think is old jargon?

```suggestion
If you have time after exploring each of the tools, have a go at setting them up fresh for the Bank API exercise (or indeed, a work project). What useful tests can you generate?
```

Author: Yes, thanks!
